Docs4Doge : create "getting started" section (#2568)
dogecoin/dogecoin: README.md

**Website:** [dogecoin.com](https://dogecoin.com)

## Usage 💻

> To begin with Dogecoin Core, see [the installation guide](INSTALL.md) and the [getting started](doc/getting-started.md) tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start your journey with Dogecoin Core, see the [installation guide](INSTALL.md) and the [getting started](doc/getting-started.md) tutorial.
```

> The full documentation of the JSON-RPC API provided by Dogecoin Core do not exists for now, use [Bitcoin Core documentation](https://developer.bitcoin.org/reference/rpc/) instead.

Author: I'm never considered output of commands as documentation, some confusion, but yeah it seem it's a part of a documentation. *The documentation either explains how the software operates or how to use it, and may mean different things to people in different roles.*

> The full documentation of the JSON-RPC API provided by Dogecoin Core is findable using `dogecoin-cli help` command, or see [Bitcoin Core documentation](https://developer.bitcoin.org/reference/rpc/) which implement a similar protocol to get a browsable version. ?

> The full documentation of the JSON-RPC API provided by Dogecoin Core do not exists for now, use [Bitcoin Core documentation](https://developer.bitcoin.org/reference/rpc/) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JSON-RPC API provided by Dogecoin Core is self-documenting and can be browsed with `dogecoin-cli help`, while detailed information for each command can be viewed with `dogecoin-cli help <command>`. Alternatively, see the [Bitcoin Core documentation](https://developer.bitcoin.org/reference/rpc/) which implement a similar protocol to get a browsable version.
```

I think that for now that will have to do. The cool thing is that we can probably generate man or html output by iterating the help commands, much like how `help2man` works?
